Copyright Â© 2009 Adam Cohen-Rose

This is an Applescript to export EyeTV recordings using HandBrake.

EyeTV (by Elgato <http://www.elgato.com/>) is an excellent piece of software
that turns a Mac into a Personal Video Recorder. You can record programs using
a tuner and play them back at any time. However, the built-in compression
options for saving video are pretty poor. They generally take a long time to
create poor quality video at an unimpressive compression ratio.

HandBrake (<http://handbrake.fr/>) is an open-source video transcoder. It can
transcode between many video formats and has built-in presets for compressing
different kinds of video.

The EyeTV Export with HandBrake script can be added to the EyeTV scripts menu,
so that you can select recordings in EyeTV and export them using HandBrake.
The script will prompt you for an encoding preset and an output directory and
will run one encode at a time until the jobs are complete. If you have Growl
(also highly recommended -- see <http://growl.info>), the script will announce
completed encoding processes in a friendly manner (otherwise it will pop up a
dialog).


INSTRUCTIONS:

1. Put the script in /Library/Application Support/EyeTV/Scripts and restart
EyeTV (see <http://bit.ly/JdGJB> for details)

2. Download the HandBrake Command Line Interface (HandBrakeCLI) and move it
into /usr/local/bin/

3. Select one or more recordings and choose "Export with HandBrake" from the
Scripts menu (just between Window and Help)


LICENSE

The EyeTV Export with HandBrake script is free software: you can redistribute
it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

The EyeTV Export with HandBrake script is distributed in the hope that it will
be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General
Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
the EyeTV Export with HandBrake script. If not, see
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>